"Every year, so many years, we had a great opportunity to accommodate the mantras of the different
Buddhas,
and they're getting a different kind of like, highlight that in different kind of purposes for
everything,
but they highlighted that. And this year, we decided, or we thought, to really accommodate the
mantra of the medicine Buddhas.
And also to kind of like, to complete it that this next week, and for the Choongkoro Duchen,
which is the Buddha's turning wheel of Dharma in the first time in Sarnath, the application of
enlightenment,
according to Ben Karand, I think it falls next week. So we really thought to accommodate that and
the medicine Buddha.
And then of course, this year, the other medicine Buddha is not just only about the sicknesses of
persons,
but there's so many purposes in this world, rather than having experience of the difficult troubles
and sicknesses,
related with a lot of kind of unquerable sicknesses, so many things. And then the physical, and
then of course, mentally, emotionally,
and then, and of course, medicine Buddha is also known as the medicine Buddha, to cure the root of
the sicknesses,
which is in the Buddha teaching, is three poisons, and ignorance, and attachment, anger, and all of
that.
Even though in the Koda Duking level, that we deluded this world from the ignorance, and this sams
ara is continually with that.
And then he asked when people use the metaphor, the waves and the tides of this, all the different
emotions are kind of arising and coming,
and they're collapsing each other, and then we are experiencing of all these things.
So this is what's really so special to enjoy, the mantra and meditation.
Of course, all the practice dedicated that marriage to every living being to remove the suffering.
And as we discuss it, then definitely it will help to the other beings as much.
Even it didn't help immediately, but it will help us. It's open our heart and our mind.
That's the body. That's what we're talking about, the poor, boneless, boneless love, boneless,
completely boneless, joy and the economy.
Our heart is open, and we're not thinking it's going to help immediately.
That question is, we're not going, we're going to help to the beings and help.
And we have that outreaching pull and pull, intention to that. Definitely it will help in the
benefit of inspiring to them then,
and remove the suffering difficulties.
So therefore, again, just with thought to accommodating these mantras,
and so you can also use your spare time to practice, and talk with meditation.
I mean, meditation and repetition of the mantra, of the meditation Buddha or any mantra,
is not separate from the silent meditation, relaxed, zoki-state meditation.
And the Buddha, the Buddha is meditating in the zoki-state.
And join with that and meditate ourself with the right in front of the meditation Buddha,
with the zoki-state meditation or relaxing calm and vipassana meditation,
or the Mahamudar meditation, or the Madhyamaka meditation.
And that is what all is just the same nature in the teaching state.
It's the same thing, different titles, but basically, it's the same.
So there in that natural state, we join with that and meditate with the compassion thought,
and igniting that our love, and the compassion, the healing energy of love and compassion,
with the blessings of the meditation Buddha,
spread out to the whole universe and beyond that is one of the very special meditation things.
So I just like to encourage.
So this is an upstate?
An upstate, right?
On the third floor, we have beautiful temple.
I mean, you know that.
So here we have, kind of feel that.
It will be open for practice.
Yeah, open for practice.
Please.
Okay.
Thank you.
Here we go.
(Applause.)